.\" Manpage for your_command
.TH goCarousel 1 "August 27, 2025" "1.0" "A wallpaper carousel"
.SH NAME
goCarousel \- A Linux/Windows Wallpaper Carousel with scheduler.
.SH SYNOPSIS
goCarousel [OPTIONS] [ARGUMENTS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
A neat desktop wallpaper carousel for Linux and Windows that is
capable of using categories and carousels (groups of categories).
It contains its own scheduler or can be used with an external
scheduler like CRON. It can be locked and categories can be
protected with a simple authorization mechanism.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-init
Creates a default configuration file.
.TP
-verify
Displays location of configuration and checks scheduling times.
.TP
-ident 
Identifies the current graphical display manager.
.TP
-default
Sets the specified (config) default wallpaper.
.TP
-any
Sets the wallpaper from the specified (config) General category.
.TP
-lock
Locks the Carousel to prevent changing the wallpaper.
.TP
-unlock
Removes the lock and allows the app to change the wallpaper again.
.TP
-status
Shows the current lock/unlock state.
.TP
-C, -category name
Sets a random wallpaper from the specified category.
.TP
-G, -carousel name
Sets a random wallpaper from the specified carousel.
.TP
-F wallpaper
Sets the specified wallpaper.
.TP
-task
Shows and checks the scheduling info from the config file.
.TP
-daemon N
Run as a self-scheduled carousel (like a daemon) for N minutes
.SH BUGS
No known bugs at this time.
.SH AUTHOR
Lord of Scripts <lordofscripts@users.noreply.github.com>